Yuchen's feedback 2020/09/08 (#1)
cdn-specs/control-header: draft-cdn-control-header.md

# The CDN-Control Response Header Field

The CDN-Control response header field allows origin servers to control the behaviour of gateway caches interposed between them and clients, separately from other caches that might handle the response.

> It is a Dictionary Structured Header {{!I-D.ietf-httpbis-header-structure}}, whose members are cache-directives defined in {{!RFC7234}}. In practice, they can be any directive registered in the HTTP Cache Directive Registry <https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-cache-directives/http-cache-directives.xhtml>.

Author: 'In practice' is too casual -- the valid directives need to be tied to an authority, and the registry is the most obvious one. Otherwise it will be constrained to just those in the caching document.

Reviewer: Right I think we can break this section down to 3 parts. 1. syntax, which I think Dictionary Structured Header should be enough. 2. semantic: the well defined ones are from the registry. 3. We need something like https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7234#section-5.2.3. Since Cache-Control itself is extendable, CDN-control should allow the same. The words in it current state sound like that is not allowed.

Author: Could you perhaps back this one change out so we can merge this PR, and then we can work on that?

Reviewer: done

> For gateway caches, when a valid CDN-Control is present in a response, it MUST take precedence over Cache-Control and Expire headers. In other words, CDN-Control "mutes" all cache directives in other headers, and is a wholly separate way to control the cache. Note that this is on a response-by-response basis; if CDN-Control is not present, caches MAY fall back to other control mechanisms as required by HTTP {{!I-D.ietf-httpbis-cache}}.

Author: ```suggestion
For gateway caches, when a valid CDN-Control is present in a response, it MUST take precedence over Cache-Control and Expires headers. In other words, CDN-Control disables all cache directives in other header fields, and is a wholly separate way to control the cache. Note that this is on a response-by-response basis; if CDN-Control is not present, caches MAY fall back to other control mechanisms as required by HTTP {{!I-D.ietf-httpbis-cache}}.
```

> The semantics and precedence of cache directives in CDN-Control is the same as those in Cache-Control. In particular, no-store and no-cache make max-age inoperative.

Author: ```suggestion
The semantics and precedence of cache directives in CDN-Control are the same as those in Cache-Control. In particular, no-store and no-cache make max-age inoperative.
```

* no-cache
* private

> Gateway caches that used CDN-Control MAY pass the this header through so that the downstream gateway caches can use it as well. However, this behavior exposes the cache settings to all downstream proxies and clients. Due to the concern of such exposure, the header MAY be removed if the downstream is known to not use its value.

Author: ```suggestion
Gateway caches that used CDN-Control MAY forward this header so that downstream gateway caches can use it as well. However, doing so exposes its value to all downstream clients, which might be undesirable. As a result, gateways that process this header field MAY remove it (for example, when configured to do so because it is known not to be used downstream).
```
